they talk to you about holiday
giftgiving for all stages of a
relationship limit because everybody has
their own budget some people might be
more well-off than others but I know
what they tell there should still be a
bit of a price of course there should be
sort of like even if you're well-off
yeah cuz you want to scare them off I'd
say you know what like $100 um types of
gifts really do the the speaking they
speak for themselves like the type of
gift you don't want to give a guy that
you've been going out with for two
months like a watch like a really
expensive watch like that's that's you
know or vice versa like a man you
shouldn't be getting like diamond rings
I mean it's nice as it is ladies we
don't want diamond rings from a guy when
dating for two months because that's
totally I think six months or less
smaller gifts like home with the hunter
dollar cap is appropriate and you know
think what I'm gonna give certificates
absolutely not that's the tacky thing
ever concert tickets
okay concert tickets or sporty even
though you might be crazy but the person
you still want that gift to to be with
some reason because it can really scare
a person if you're giving them too much
too soon
yeah just like sex whether you're dating
them for three months and for six months
you want to go limited you get nice
things you've listened to them
throughout the six months that you know
what they like you might know something
that goes with whatever they talked
about that's minimal finances because
you cannot afford it and you don't know
where your relationships going mhm
it scares people off if you go in too
crazy too fast right absolutely too much
too soon is it that many else out there
that's wondering what you should do for
Christmas you'd never ever feel guilty
when you first met somebody that you
need to go and spend a lot of money
mhm it's about knowing what they like
and the little simple gestures that are
important over Christmas time a really
nice card is huge for women guys
something that you put thought into that
you actually writes a few nice words in
there and actually show something that
maybe you haven't shown her before you
have it in the card that maybe is new
that sometimes is almost a Christmas
prisoner yes that is really huge because
when a man opens up like that I mean I
mean I know I'm caught in cards in the
past
I just yep it's awesome it's cars are
really really big for women you always
think that women needs so much and if
you're dating a woman that always wants
really expensive things well then you're
with the wrong woman so for the first
year when you're trying to find presents
for somebody that you're dating just go
low low budget you don't have to go
super high I mean don't go buyer you
know uh you know box of coat hangers
from Costco something that speaks about
who she is that you have learned and
then you pay attention you'll know what
to get them for Christmas the key is is
just if you are within six months or
less of a relationship that you probably
want to keep it more minimal instead of
going all out even though you might want
to just keep it simple and keep it
thoughtful keep it simple stupid haha
there you go merry Christmas everyone